---
layout: transformation
title: "Information Overlord"
subtitle: "Spend less time consuming information and more time creating transformation. "
day: 1
---

Today is the first day of the rest of your life. One day, or Day 1? Every new beginning comes from some other beginning’s end. We could go on all day, and we haven’t even touched Nickleback’s catalog. 

Look, there are thousands of these courses out there. And there are probably millions of people who read the lessons, did the work, and wound up standing still. Our honest f’n goal is not to be just another preachy course. It’s why we go through the trouble to pester you via WhatsApp and to send you snail mail (spoiler alert). It’s why we want it to have thought & humor - not just jazzy graphics - and it’s why these lessons might (at least at first) seem alarmingly short.

We really do believe that information overload is a drag on you. We believe this because it is a drag on us. Somehow we are lucky enough to be alive during a time when information is everywhere & anywhere. You can learn anything at anytime. But we are also damned enough to deal with the stresses & pressures of that info overload. Something that our alopecia’d chimp suits have only had a second to adapt to.

So we want this course to be about action and not information. But to make it really work, we still need to free up more of your time. To think. Think about your life. Think about your aspirations. Think about your inevitable death. 

Sounds fun right!? Money. Let’s do it.

### Kitsch Deep Quote

*“We live in a world where there is more and more information, and less and less meaning.” - Jean Baudrillard*

### Bonus Kitsch Deep Quote Because it’s Day 1

*“Because in the end, you won’t remember the time you spent working in the office or mowing your lawn. Climb that goddamn mountain.”* - Jack Kerouac

### Homework

Steve Jobs made the iPhone. Cool beans. They are awesomely horrible in every possible way. But, go back and watch the announcement video… it was never meant to be an-all consuming device that we are glued to. It was literally an iPod and a phone. Full stop. Hell even Steve-o saw the writing on the wall. In 2010 he famously told *The New York Times* that he didn’t let his kids touch an iPad.

We aren’t here to rail on technology. That being said, it might be time to revisit your relationship with your phone. If only for the sake of making the effort you spend on this course worth it. It’s time to get back some of your time (commonly known as your life).

For the brave, go ahead and delete every app on your phone. For the not so brave, delete the true time-suckers (FB, Insta, whatever…). Set a rule for yourself (e.g. - I will only reinstall these apps after painstakingly craving them for X days). The idea is to force yourself to confront the value of whatever app you are now programmed to check constantly. *What were you going to do? Consume dribble? Communicate with someone you care about? WHAT ARE YOU DOING AND WHY??* If it’s valuable, rock on. If not, good thing that app is gone.

<a href="/transformation/2" class="button is-danger">
    <span>Complete Day 1</span>
</a>